anouk aimée that's really me
osni does not end in June is that time
ends and there guys on the back of youtube
which Kallel king and today I have come to show
a server for you
the server I'm not creating that there were
There, just to warn ipi so I
still doing a test here for this
It will work online, right?
I go is then the server name and if
type bar battle of the headphones is a
Beautiful battle for you to play
You're going to need the dead I go.
leave link of the inscription that is the moc
done that the way of weapons ne and the animal
bike
My father then
you will do what is necessary and
pain
the minutes talk plate amt start and chose
take a gun it's not there's nobody
Because there's no one here yet to
me do the test or protesting right?
it started raining hard the safilo prova
It's working, you take a weapon.
Here you come here iraque and remembering
before you come in you always
not cheating
So you lock yourself up here so look at the
map
Look at the map about you having a notion
look at the map
the rabbit is big right here, you're talking
When hiring staff picks up a pune reads the
who is in this trunk will look beautiful in
football so the pony bike on a
pony bikes can play and that
ammunition of that do not ever take this
to use a kartzoom team bugado I do not know
why then there you such
component mistakenly has wings
capital will not work
I have a lot with the bugatti's mother.
powder
so it goes after a this, right?
but he did not even ask about it
You agree but on the hand so he is
spanish fanfiction ooo name of dilma
I already told you what you're going to do in that
map is a shooting map type you are going
shoot a court if they are
multiplayer when it is
totally online will take a lot of
personal gomes only from an objective cone is
You kill all the people here that
You kill is the winner is to arrive well.
This process
component has a visual here for you
they got into this condition and kurt beck
Traffic
The man's wife looks like microsoft.
disclosed when the agent writes so is
so the rewriting is not breaking anything
I want nothing can not break anything and
nor to quote any item can but not
can not break any location on this map
can capture with the things of the chest not
can break anything and always when you
if you summon the cop you want
save and only in the neighborhood back to
let the other players fool me
did there because if it was because it here and
accompany at a time
O
they probably shot it served to
shoot shot
Look, I'll show you what I got.
here a but can be damn was today only
that does not
then it is here at the door outside
just the contract time
When you die and you use school.
puts out that part of the blame what
I started there right?
It's also if you like I'll leave it there
everything much discretion everything you do not
You need to download right?
you'll have to have honor machine is
to work because you lead male and xin
must hamachi but he is via hama lan
china then junta that I'm leaving
speak down
but they get you ask me a itn is
because ipê keeps changing ipé type
to stay just like this the door changes
huh
when I left and probably do not know
then dedicated as soon as I left
the server will automatically close automatically
I took some things here right?
then there will not be much conditions
It's okay, I'll leave all
My classes but I think I have
which supports up to five people but has returned
to put on the show the test so well in
home or the tj
speaking to another defeat by turning off and even
the next video
bye guys